# Inkshop is about people.

Inkshop is a human-centered framework for running your website, mailing list, and store all in one.

It doesn't track people, has strong privacy protection for both you and your customers baked in, and Just Works.

Feedback, improvements, and contributions are welcome. :)


## Current Status:

I'm bootstrapping this project on my own site, [Ink and Feet](https://inkandfeet.com). 

You can read more about the decision to move to inkshop in [this open letter.]()

I'll be moving from a setup with:
- Static site generated by inkblock, and served by Dreamhost and Cloudflare
- Mailing list managed by Ontraport
- Redirects and url shortening run by inkdots
- Digital product sales managed by Ontraport and Teachery


When it's at 1.0, this project will let you:
- Manage an email list, using best practices for deliverability
- Host a website, with pages and blog posts
- Sell downloadable digital products
- Sell online digital products, including customer authentication and secure data storage
- Understand what pages are generating the most traffic
- Create shortened URLs for sharing with social media
- Share posts to social media via buffer

Current status:

It just got started, on April 15 2019.   Mailing list is the first thing to build. Target for basic mailing list is April 21, 2019.

This will include:
- Subscribe
- Send message to my list
- Import
- Unsubscribe
- Love
- Receive replies


## Bootstrapping

```bash
git clone https://github.com/inkandfeet/inkshop.git
cd inkshop
cp env.sample .env
# Edit .env with your values
docker network create inkshop
docker-compose run db createdb inkshop -h db -U $POSTGRES_USER
docker-compose up
```



## Built on:
- [Simple Crypt](https://pypi.org/project/simple-crypt/) (and [pycrypto](https://pypi.org/project/pycrypto/)) for encryption.
- Cloudflare for DNS, Caching, and Development redirects
- Mailgun for email sending.
- AWS S3 for uploads and static file serving.
- Postgres for database.
- Redis for caching and queuing.
- Docker for encapsulation and dev ease.
- Heroku for deployment.